Update CHANGELOGs for registry mirror support (#3045)
GoogleContainerTools/jib: jib-gradle-plugin/CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Can now [configure registry mirrors](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/jib/blob/global-config-doc/docs/faq.md#i-am-hitting-docker-hub-rate-limits-how-can-i-configure-registry-mirrors) for base images. This is useful when hitting [Docker Hub rate limits](https://www.docker.com/increase-rate-limits). Only public mirrors (such as `mirror.gcr.io`) are supported. ([#3011](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/jib/issues/3011))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for [configuring registry mirrors](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/jib/blob/global-config-doc/docs/faq.md#i-am-hitting-docker-hub-rate-limits-how-can-i-configure-registry-mirrors) for base images. This is useful when hitting [Docker Hub rate limits](https://www.docker.com/increase-rate-limits). Only public mirrors (such as `mirror.gcr.io`) are supported. ([#3011](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/jib/issues/3011))
```

Author: I went with `Added support for ...`, as we copy-paste the entries in a release announcement.
